Alert is tied to a RG and consists of
	1. Condition
	2. Action
	3. Name
	
Condition (Trigger)
	1. On which metric the signal needs to be raised
		a. This contains a time series
	2. Dimension
		It's a property whose values are dynamic and help to filter the time series
	3. Alert
		Threshold
		Operator
	4. Evaluation plan
		Aggregation granularity
		Evaluation Frequency

Threshold gets hit so many times in so many minutes
70% more than 5 minutes(Evaluation frequency)
		
Action (What to do. e.g Alert, Webhook, writing to a table)
	1. Action group
		a. Name, subscription and RG(DO we need a new RG for this?)
		b. Actions
			i. Name
			ii. Action type (What are we going to target here? Email, WebHook, SMS )
	
Tie Action group with rule. 

Questions?
1. Can action group alone be created first? (Yes. Check if already exist and then link them) and then only alerts are created and then tied to the predefined action groups?
2. On alert logic, are we going to configure static and dynamic? (Static and Limited Number of Metric) In case of dynamic do we enable to configure advanced settings as well? 
3. On successful creation of an alert, we should also inform user on the cost of the alerts. have them in cost reporting (CLoudOps). Visible via debug or verbose
	a. COncept is to create as many alerts as possible
4. How do we manage alerts so that we don't alert on too many metrics and too many people? A report on alerts on how many got triggered in past one month?
	a. In long term, we can deactivate them and delete them.
5. What do we do with the existing alerts like DL monitor (basically reports), since the AZ alerts can deal with them. 
	a. Basically a replacement needed and then disabled
	b. Logical replacement would be specific alerts on specific teams
	
Email sent to team mail box with Mormont on CC and manager

Manage action group -mormont -remove

Questions in mind
1. Won't too many options confuse teams on how to configure the alerts? How do we generalize or standardize them? (Make a plan, But start with a limited set of the options Email, Sms and Web hook)
	a. Create a Action group 
		i. Naming should be related to action. Purpose of group
	b. Create action 
		i. Limited DD (Email, SMS and Webhook)
		ii. Name and Destination (Email address, ph number and webhook address)
2. Does Action group are created based on company Hierarchy?
3. Do we define default action groups? If yes, How do we deploy them, since they're at subscription level? Are we looking at AZ Automation here? (NO)
	a. Only on long term vision 
		
FInal vision
A TG like a alert on metric for action
teams(Metric and Action comes together)
Create web app, app service alert and ASB alerts
Create certain alert and export them via ARM template and then compare them